# NBA-2KI
A computer vision AI which allows for an immersive experience in the PC game NBA 2k23
### Real-Time Body Gesture Detection and Interaction with PyDirectInput
This Python script combines the power of the MediaPipe Pose model and the `pydirectinput` library to detect and recognize real-time body gestures and movements. It captures video input from the default camera (usually the webcam) and processes the frames to identify specific gestures and actions. Additionally, it uses `pydirectinput` to simulate keyboard events based on the recognized gestures.
### Why build this?
For years NBA 2k and take-two interactive have been the leading producer of basketball video games for both console and PC. With virtually no competition, thousands of players come back every September to purchase the newest edition and then continue to spend throughout the year by buying VC (in-game currency). Although great for the company, the influx of money allows for take-two to be satified with their product and often leads to overlooking consumer complaints. Recently, the addition of crossplay brought to light the neglect faced by PC users and being ranked the second worst game of steam this year, NBA 2k was finally called out on their lack of time spent on their PC platform. PC players deal with an older generation of the game and loss of functions when using a keyboard, and as a result NBA 2k for PC feels like a different game entirely. So why not make it a different game entirely? With the use of this program PC players now have a unique and immersive experience giving users a new purpose to playing the game and driving more users to join the community.
